mgr: module logging infrastructure (#30961)
ceph/ceph: doc/mgr/modules.rst

Logging
-------

> Logging in modules' code is done as in any other python program. Just import

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logging in Ceph manager modules is done as in any other Python program. Just import
```

the ``logging`` package and get a logger instance with the
``logging.getLogger`` function.

> Each module has a ``log_level`` option that specifies the current python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each module has a ``log_level`` option that specifies the current Python
```

logging level of the module.
To change or query the logging level of the module use the following ceph
commands::

  ceph <module_name> logging level set <INFO|DEBUG|CRITICAL|ERROR|WARNING|NOTSET>
  ceph <module_name> logging level get

The logging level used upon the module's start is determined by the current
logging level of the mgr daemon. The mgr daemon logging level is mapped to
the module python logging level as follows:

* <= 0 is CRITICAL
* <= 1 is WARNING
* <= 4 is INFO
* <= +inf is DEBUG

By default, modules' logging messages are processed by the Ceph logging layer
where they will be recorded in the mgr daemon's log file.
But it's also possible to send a module's logging message to it's own file.

The module's log file will be located in the same directory as the mgr daemon's
log file with the following name pattern::

   <mgr_daemon_log_file_name>.<module_name>.log

To enable the file logging on a module use the following command::

   ceph <module_name> logging file enable

> When the module's file logging is enabled, module's logging messages stop

Reviewer 2: It'd be great to add/specify the behaviour of the logger regarding the `debug_mgr` level overrides and the defaults.

Let's say a production operator wants to minimize log writes: do they need to reduce log levels in all potential module logs, or is it enough to reduce `debug_mgr` level?

On the contrary, I have a minimal mgr debug level, but want to increase a single module logger verbosity. Is that possible?

I'm just curious about the above 2 scenarios, as I can think of real use cases for them (probably they're contradictory, and only one can be implemented safely).

Author: I say in the docs this:
```
The logging level used upon the module's start is determined by the current
logging level of the mgr daemon.
```

If I change the above to:
```
The logging level used upon the module's start is determined by the current
logging level of the mgr daemon, unless if the ``log_level`` option was
previously set with the ``config set ...`` command.
```
does it make it more clear the behavior of the module logging with respect to the debug_mgr level?

Logging
-------

Logging in Ceph manager modules is done as in any other Python program. Just
import the ``logging`` package and get a logger instance with the
``logging.getLogger`` function.

Each module has a ``log_level`` option that specifies the current Python
logging level of the module.
To change or query the logging level of the module use the following Ceph
commands::

  ceph config get mgr mgr/<module_name>/log_level

>   ceph config set mgr mgr/<module_name>/log_level <INFO|DEBUG|CRITICAL|ERROR|WARNING|>

Reviewer 3: Should be `<info|debug|critical|error|warning>` instead of `<INFO|DEBUG|CRITICAL|ERROR|WARNING|>`.
